Proofpoint timeout bug fix (#45026)
demisto/content: Packs/ProofpointIsolation/ReleaseNotes/1_0_10.md

#### Integrations

##### Proofpoint Isolation

- Fixed an issue where the collector would timeout.

> - Fixed an issue where the collector returned no events forever when the API returned no events for a specific time range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the collector permanently stopped returning events when an API request for a specific time range returned no results.
```
